Mention XFW in Asset Packs docs (#192)
Next-Flip/Momentum-Firmware: documentation/file_formats/AssetPacks.md

## Intro

> Asset Packs are a feature exclusive to Momentum Firmware (and the outdated Xtreme Firmware) that allows you to load custom Animation and Icon sets without recompiling the firmware or messing with manifest.txt files (as a user). Here you can find info on how to install Asset Packs and also how to make your own.

Reviewer: maybe:
```suggestion
Asset Packs are a feature exclusive to Momentum Firmware (and its predecessor Xtreme Firmware) that allows you to load custom Animation and Icon sets without recompiling the firmware or messing with manifest.txt files (as a user). Here you can find info on how to install Asset Packs and also how to make your own.
```
? both would be good tbh
